Homework: automationpractice.com
Homework
Create a new maven project 'PrestaShopAutomationPractice'. 
Create package com.prestashop.tests under the src/test/java. 
Automate the following test cases.
While automating add all the required dependencies. 
You may choose to use any new libraries you like. Use TestNG for testing. 
Each scenario should be separate @Test method. Use assertions. 
You decide on how to use BeforeMethod and other annotations. 
Push the project to git at the end. Do not push the target folder.

1. Prestashop login negative scenarios
All test cases for negative login scenarios should be in a separate class.
Each scenario will be a different test method. 
Name of the method will be the name of the scenario.

test scenario: wrong credentials test
go to http://automationpractice.com (Links to an external site.)
Links to an external site.
try to login by entering a any wrong email (email must have a correct format) and any password
verify that message Authentication failed. is displayed

test scenario: invalid email test
go to http://automationpractice.com (Links to an external site.)
Links to an external site.
try to login by entering a email with invalid format and any password
verify that message Invalid email address. is displayed

test scenario: blank email test
go to http://automationpractice.com (Links to an external site.)Links to an external site.
try to login by leaving the email field empty and entering any password
verify that message An email address required. is displayed

test scenario: blank password test
go to http://automationpractice.com (Links to an external site.)Links to an external site.
try to login by entering an email and leaving the password field blank
verify that message Password is required. is displayed

 

2. Prestashop login positive scenarios
All test cases for positive login scenarios should be in a separate class. 
Each scenario will be a different test method. 
Name of the method will be the name of the scenario.

test scenario: login test
go to http://automationpractice.com (Links to an external site.)Links to an external site.
register a new user. You have to generate a new email, first name, last name every time
Sign out once the registration is complete
Log back using the same information
Verify that correct first name and last name is displayed on the top right